with just one win away from home in the
pro12 in over a year treviso travelled
to Wales perhaps more in Hope than in
confidence a run of six consecutive
defeats away to Ospreys also pointed
towards a comfortable home win this was
Ospreys first pro12 encounter at the
Liberty since early January and with
several players returning from the Welsh
international squad they were hoping to
make it a ninth win from 14 league games
breakthrough came in the 21st minute
Rhys web did well in the setup captain
Jonathan Spratt evaded the tackles and
bottled his way towards the line before
stretching to get the touchdown for the
opening score of the game it was his
first try of the season bigger kicked an
excellent conversion for seven ill
within a couple of minutes the home side
doubled their lead I say in the toga did
good work on the wing although some of
the tackling left a bit to be desired
when the Fiji and offloaded to Ashley
Beck Ospreys were in for a second try of
the afternoon beck recently signed a new
two-year contract extension and he
celebrated here with another score 14
nil 25 minutes gone it was an important
day for Reese web marking his 100th
appearance and a nice moment for him to
run clear for try number three with the
visitors defence at sixes and sevens
this was only the scrum-halves fourth
appearance in the pro12 this season have
been returned from a cruciate ligament
injury 21 points to nil at the halftime
break the bonus point try wasn't long
and coming in the second half indeed
within a minute or so to restart Ospreys
were in for try number four and it was
Spratt who got over after being released
by beck it was almost too easy for
Ospreys vigorous conversion was good and
I was 28 nil treviso would probably have
settled for the full time whistle at
that point but there was a long way to
go and it was to get worse for the
Italians in the 49th minute Beck kicked
ahead and collected and when the ball
was spread wide tuna toga he was in open
ground and could afford a little
showboating as he crossed over and got
the touchdown for try number five
Davies was called upon for the
conversion he put it between the posts
for a 35 nil lead chorizo got some
reward in the 54th minute when
substitute Monty lyst firaga pushed his
way over for a try the little aenean
born forward giving the visitors
something to smile about and mat
berquist kicked a lovely conversion but
they trail is 35-7 and the smile for
treviso would soon be wiped out when
Ospreys notched a sixth try Davies did
well as did back with quick hands
feeding Canadian Jeff Hassler who went
over for the trial Davies converted for
42 points 27 there was a feeling that
treviso had more or less thrown in the
towel and when sub Matthew Morgan went
on one of his genki runs he offloaded to
Davies who sprinted away for a seventh
try of the game for the Welshman it was
almost like a training game for Ospreys
and Davies converted his own try to
bring it to 40 97 with treviso sob
Alberto DiBernardo in the sin bin
Ospreys continued the try scoring spree
and substitute dan Baker ran in for try
number eight not quite a baker's dozen
but it was heading in that direction
treviso resistance was long since broken
and another Davies conversion brought
her to 56 7 with 15 minutes to go
Ospreys run in try number nine from
inside their own half the Welshman
mounted the attack Anna dirksen was
involved earlier in the move before
being fed the ball wide to run away into
the corner this time the conversion was
off target baraz breeze had clocked up
61 points 27 and the scoring wasn't
finished there on 73 minutes another
exhibition of morgan magic before he
passed to ryan jones who thoroughly
enjoyed diving over for try number 10
jones proving his fitness to warren
gatland ahead of friday night's game
against france having been out with a
hamstring injury 68 points 27 after the
conversion and in the final minute
Ospreys completed the rout when davies
ran in try
11 on a memorable day for the home side
Davies converted to leave a final score
of 75 points 27 the scoreboard said it
all as did the faces on the Treviso
bench record winning the league for
Ospreys and a great boost ahead of next
week's game against top of the table
monster for treviso the less said the
better final score Osprey 75 benetton
treviso 7